You idiot.
Who gave you courage?
I don't know where the small white-faced chicken came from.
Come here and pretend to be a girl having surgery.
We can go out here.
It's not me who said it, Uncle Lam.
You dare impersonate me, clown?
He even dared to come to the signing ceremony of Bang Dien Group.
A party for people like this.
It's not like someone like you can get in.
Okay, stop being this kind of ignorant poor person.
It's okay, the poor people in the countryside are all waiting.
Same.
- Get them both out of here.
Have you heard? Pay in advance so you can go out.
Go away quickly, otherwise don't blame us brothers for not being welcomed.
Who let your dry dog's paw threaten the richest man in Long Xuyen
Open your eyes and see what this is.
This... this is a request for re-assassination.
This story.
There's something to tell the Rett people.
Vice President, we were wrong.
Please raise your hands high, the vice president is not needed anymore, why vice president
No need to pay attention to these girls.
Let's go.
Get a loan.
Great, have a chance to really meet him countdown.
Even temporary invitations can be repeated.